Remove non-core adapters (#1725)
AcademySoftwareFoundation/OpenTimelineIO: README.md

For more information about this, including supported formats, see: https://opentimelineio.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorials/adapters.html

> The **AAF Adapter** has been **relocated** to a separate repository and is located here:
> https://github.com/OpenTimelineIO/otio-aaf-adapter
> 
> Other Plugins
> -------------
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All adapters except the native `.otio`, `.otioz` and `.otiod` have been relocated to separate repositories under the OpenTimelineIO organization located here: https://github.com/OpenTimelineIO
```
